# Campus design
## Access Layer接入层
What are the current and future needs for end-users or node ports in the existing wiring closets of that particular building?

what kind of hardware can the company or the client afford? Can it afford module devices?
Is the existing cabling adequate? Do you have CAT5 or CAT6 UTP cabling? Can you affordd fiber cabling?

what are the performance and bandwidth requirements?

What level of high availability is needed at the Access Layer?
what are the requirements to support VLAN, VTP, and STP/

what are the layer 2 traffic patterns for application?

What multicasting needs and QoS servies are necessary at Layer 2?

## Distribution Layer
Should Layer 2 or Layer 3 switches be used?
How many total users will you have to support?
What are the high availability needs?
Are the Distribution layer switches modular and scalable?
What types of intelligence services will be used in the Distribution Layer? Security, QoS, Multicast

Is the company prepared to manage and configure the Distribution layer block?
Should trainning or consultancy be added to the project budget tot ensure that this particular block will be properly managed?

Will advanced STP features be implemented?
RSTP, 



## Core Layer/Backbone block
 
Do you have three or more separate locations buildings in the campus that are connected through an enterprise campus infrastructure.

Based on the present infrastructure, will the solution to the campus backbone be a layer 2, layer 2/3 or layer 3 switch solution?

In the case of a large enterprise campus, do you have the budget for a full multilayer backbone solution throughout?

Is the organization ready for a high performance multilayer switching environment?

what are the high availability/redundancy demands?

